KCX_ BT_ The EMITER module is a wireless Bluetooth audio transceiver module that integrates Bluetooth 
stereo audio transmission and reception. It adopts the Bluetooth 5.3 protocol version and supports 
automatic reconnection of Bluetooth devices that were automatically connected last time. It also 
supports serial port AT commands to configure compatible Bluetooth device name connections, obtain 
search results, modify Bluetooth names, control connections and disconnects, and other commands. This 
module configures the module to work in Bluetooth audio transmission mode or Bluetooth audio reception 
mode by setting short-circuit solder joints, supports indicator light status display, and connects status 
level output. Widely used in situations that require Bluetooth audio reception, Bluetooth audio transmission, 
wireless audio transmission, DIY modification, and so on.

When configured in Bluetooth audio transmission mode: it can wirelessly transmit stereo audio signals through 
Bluetooth with modules configured in reception mode, or connect to some Bluetooth headphones and Bluetooth 
speakers to wirelessly transmit audio signals to these Bluetooth receiving devices.

When configured for Bluetooth audio reception mode: can be connected to smartphones or tablets to play 
Bluetooth music.


Declaration on product compatibility: Due to the numerous solutions for Bluetooth earphones and speaker 
chips available on the market, there are differences in the underlying software of the chips. When configured 
in transmission mode, this module only guarantees perfect compatibility with our Bluetooth audio receiver and 
Bluetooth module, and does not guarantee compatibility with Bluetooth receiving devices from other manufacturers 
on the market. It cannot connect to car navigation all-in-one machines or devices that require pairing password 
verification, If you encounter incompatibility when connecting to other manufacturers' Bluetooth receivers 
(such as strange issues such as not being able to connect, silent connection, etc.), we also cannot solve them. 
Friends who mind, please buy with caution

Suggest using two modules together, one set as the transmitter and one set as the receiver, to wirelessly 
transmit audio signals between the two modules.


description

Product model: KCX_ EMITER Bluetooth Name: Bluetooth Audio Boundary Dimensions: 23.5 * 15.5mm

Working voltage: 3.5-5V

Working current: 35mA

Launch distance: = 20 meters

RF output power:+5dBm RF frequency range: 2402-2480MHz

Audio dynamic range: 80dB

Audio Total harmonic distortion: -70dB

Audio frequency response: 20Hz-20KHz

Audio signal-to-noise ratio: 95dB

Audio input and output signal amplitude: = 2Vpp Number of channels: 2 channels (stereo)

Transmission delay: 250-300mS

Explanation of external 2.4G antenna

The module integrates an IPX 1 with RF output interface for external 2.4G external antennas. When the module 
is applied inside a metal shell product, an external antenna is required. When using an external antenna, it 
is necessary to disconnect the PCB board antenna and plug in the IPX RF cable (the external 2.4G antenna needs 
to be provided by oneself, and the module does not come with an external antenna) as shown in the following figure.